add info about device id could be empty (#2655)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/android/index.md

The Segment SDK also collects the [Advertising ID](https://developer.android.com/google/play-services/id.html) provided by Play Services. Make sure the Play Services Ads library is included as a dependency for your application. This is the ID that should be used for advertising purposes. This value is set to `context.device.advertisingId`.

> Segment also generates a unique ID by using the [DRM API](https://source.android.com/devices/drm) as `context.device.id`. Some destinations rely on this field being the Android ID, so be sure to double-check the destination's vendor documentation. If you choose to override the default value, make sure the identifier you choose complies with Google's [User Data Policy](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/10144311). Note that if this id is not previously generated (app is fresh installed or updated from an old version), an empty string is presented before the generation is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment also generates a unique ID by using the [DRM API](https://source.android.com/devices/drm) as `context.device.id`. Some destinations rely on this field being the Android ID, so be sure to double-check the destination's vendor documentation. If you choose to override the default value, make sure the identifier you choose complies with Google's [User Data Policy](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/10144311). **Note:** If this ID didn't generate previously (for example, because the app was newly installed or updated from an older version), an empty string shows before the ID generation completes. 
```
